It's Reo-kun!
Oh, Reo!
Reo-kun, over here!
Mikage-kun's grades are impeccable.
Oh, yes. That boy does everything perfectly.
Wow, three in a row! Are you
for real, Reo? Too awesome!
Hakuho Festival
Up to now, I've gotten
everything I've ever wanted.
Hakuho Festival
But...
There might be things in this world
that are out of my reach.
At last, I've made it this far.
At last, I can play alongside you.
Hey, Nagi.
Keep your eyes on me.
Yeah. Let's go.
Episode
Chameleon
This goal...
At first, I pretended I was going this way,
but then I stepped inside Karasu,
and slipped into Otoya's
and Rin's blind spots...
Hold up, hold up. Question!
Did ya start moving after
you'd thought all that through?
Well, it was more like I was reacting
while moving and thinking, I guess?
And last of all, I squeezed between
Rin and Shidou and took a shot.
Wow, you're somethin' else, bro.
So you felt all that instantly?
Uh, yeah, but I don't think I've ever made
such complicated movements before.
I didn't think ya would
actually score there, either.
I crossed it thinkin' either Rin-kun
or Shidou-kun would get on the end.
Lookin' back and analyzin' yer own play
like this is important for ya, Isagi-kun.
Why'd you tell me to think as a reflex?
Well...
S'like... Ya know them
fallin' blocks games, yeah?
They start off slow, so ya can think
carefully about where yer placin' the blocks.
But as the pace picks up,
ya don't get time to think.
Playin' at a pace to coexist with Rin-kun
and Shidou-kun is as difficult as that.
Huh. Makes sense.
Doing things the way I always do
would've been too slow.
How're the blocks piled up?
Which block are ya holdin' in reserve?
What's the shape of the next block?
Ya grasp this information,
think about it, then act.
Action
Grasp
Thinking
Action
Grasp
Thinking
A Skilled Gamer
Skilled gamers can process
all of that at an incredible speed.
They keep pressin' the optimal
combinations of buttons reflexively.
It's the same with soccer.
I see.
In that moment, I could see where the others
were and what they were trying to do,
as well as the weapons I had available
and where the next pass was coming from.
I could process all of my skills
at super high speed...
which is how I got to the ball
in prime shooting position first.
That's right. But that's thanks
to everythin' ya built up so far.
From the outside, it's like ya
suddenly did somethin' amazin'.
But in reality, it's just yer speed that shot up
'cause what ya can do has been condensed.
So it ain't actually a new skill. Software's
the same, but the hardware got upgraded.
Yup. It's like yer cell phone service
going from 4G to 5G.
So that's what caused that sensation?
Being so completely in the zone,
I almost lost myself. A trance.
But I could only do it
because a load of things aligned.
Rin and Shidou were competing,
so it was easy to slip behind them.
More importantly, I couldn't
have done it without you two.
Thanks, Nanase and Hiori.
Well, to be honest, my dude,
I couldn't keep up with anyone else.
How do you mean?
This may sound rude, bro,
but Rin-kun's and Shidou-san's movements
were so outta this world, I couldn't follow 'em.
But I felt I could keep up with you,
Isagi-san, if only barely.
I see. Well, thanks to you, my range of options
over what I could do increased, so it's all good.
In fact, it was huge for me.
And Hiori-san was on the money, too.
I just played like I usually do.
Isagi-kun's goal allowed me and
Nanase-kun to show our worth,
so I think the three of us
did what we could.
Yeah, I did all I could.
I have no regrets, either.
Same here. Now we just
hafta wait for the results.
Great job on the tryouts, bros!
Ouch, that hurt.
My bad.
I've now unlocked this new sensation,
though I haven't completely mastered it.
If I can increase the reproducibility of
that trancelike sensation and use it at will,
I can aim even higher.
Ain't the next game 'bout to start?
The second match!
3rd Selection: Tryouts
Match 2
I've grown a little stronger
since you picked someone else.
To catch up to you,
I've scrabbled my way up.
But...
You're still ahead of me.
So I'm gonna prove right here and now...
that I'm the one who should
be standing next to you.
Oh?
Huh? He's even faster now.
That Number 10...
I will mark him.
That spot there, Nagi?
The type of pass you want, the timing of it...
I know it all better than anyone!
Good pass.
Nope, not really.
S-So tall.
The tallest high school
soccer player, Ishikari.
That was a bit low for me.
Aw, man.
It went to him.
Okay, let's counter!
Pass it, you long bottom lashes jerk.
Use me, Rin!
I'm what people call a "useful monk."
I-It came to me! A pass from
the No. 1 in the rankings!
I-I'm totally pulling off an awesome
counterattack with the No. 1!
Hold it, Igaguri.
I'll turn you into a useless monk.
Not making it easy for me, huh?
Either way, I can't take
the ball nearer the goal.
This needs to be a telling final ball.
But who do I pass to?
Which genius should I follow?
I'm at the crossroads of my destiny.
Which genius is gonna
yank me up to the next stage?
What the hell are you doing?!
Want me to crack open your skull, Igaguri?!
Namu!
Aw, hell.
I panicked and passed to Shidou.
This way, Topknot.
Crap. You're going around
behind me, Mr. Antenna?
But I can...
still just about reach it.
Wow, cool.
The hell? Stop getting in our way!
Show me what you've got, No. 5.
Drag scissors.
You shift your opponent's center of gravity,
then dribble past at top speed.
He's explosive!
The No. 1 is being treated
like a child one-on-one!
Soccer is fundamentally
played one-on-one.
In one-on-one situations, I'm confident
there's no one better than me in Japan.
That's the good shit!
Now do it to me, Goggle Man!
Yukimiya.
Despite his looks, he's an infighter
who relies on his speed and physique.
While Bachira's dribbling relies on
technique and creativity to sneak past...
This way, slowpoke.
...this guy's all about forcing his way
through with power and speed.
This is the No. 5, Yukimiya Kenyu...
the One-on-One Emperor.
We can't beat him alone.
Let's team up, Ishikari!
I don't like you ordering me around.
But I'll do it.
Use this side, Yukimiya!
Nope, nah, not a chance.
It'll all resolve peacefully if I score.
A mid-range shot from there?
But wait. He has no sight of goal.
A miskick!
I'm a pacifist.
What's with that trajectory?
It's dropping sharply and curling.
A gyro shot?
I have arrived.
Wow! Nice!
Oh? There's another one, isn't there?
Yikes.
That's got weight.
Nagi.
You controlled it, huh?
Nicely done, No. 6.
The top guys are playing
at hyperdimensional level.
You're not the Nagi I used to know.
Sorry, Mr. Four-Eyes.
I stole your goal.
There's no way I could've
scored a goal like that.
Such a powerful yet precise shot.
They're not coordinating,
but they enhance each other
by hurling super plays around.
Good control, Nagi-kun.
Nice shot, Mr. Four-Eyes.
Let's do this, um...
Yukimiya.
You can call me Yukki.
At my level, I can't reach you.
I'm not good enough to
satisfy you anymore, Nagi.
Look at you having fun.
You're a totally different person
from the bored guy I used to pass to.
Jerk.
You're not mine anymore, are you?
Time for a counterattack.
Get moving, antenna-head.
Don't boss me around, Rin-Rin.
I live my life how I want.
Who are you calling "Rin-Rin," pest?
The Top 6 really are on another level.
They have outstanding weapons
that go beyond 100%
where normal people can't reach,
however hard they try.
And then, there's me.
A balanced all-rounder.
No matter how much I improve the quality
of my play, the max I can manage is 99%.
With my specs,
how am I supposed to
go up against the Top 6?
Pass it here, Rin!
Yup, No. 1. A wise choice.
Ack, so high!
One more time.
Two giants in a towering
coalition government.
They're way out of reach!
The chemical reaction
of monsters like them...
You weasel. You went for height
so it'd be outta my reach that whole time.
Hmph. I'm just streamlining the field.
A pest like you needs exterminating.
I'd like to see you try, virus buster.
To be the best striker in the world...
They don't want anything else.
Or rather, nothing else excites them.
These batshit idiots.
That pisses me off.
Let's go again.
That's why they shine so brightly.
I'm not like that.
Even if I lose here and
get sent home, I'll live.
Reo, you're my successor.
What can I get you?
You were top of your grade again.
Go to a top university and
become a top businessperson.
Soccer Tactics
Core Training for Soccer
History of Soccer Around the World and in Japan
Soccer Formations
Improving Your Soccer Skills
Analysis of the Athlete Mentality
No. Forget it.
You were born to surpass me.
Only a chosen few can be soccer players.
There's no way you can be one.
We're saying this for your sake.
For...
...your sake.
Bullshit.
Going back there means
going back to a life of boredom.
What I want is right here.
No. It's nowhere but here.
If my dream's going to
shatter miserably and fade away,
I'll throw it all away...
and become an idiot!
Here I go.
I'm gonna—
Not so good at two-on-ones, Glasses?
Gosh, you're a charmer.
Second ball!
If my skills are capped at 99...
Bring it.
If my talent is to deftly pull off any play...
then I should be proud of that
and lean into it!
Incoming pass into the area!
Watch out for Mr. Control.
I am no longer a jack-of-all-trades.
Call me the master of all trades.
I'll take you all on
with everything I've got.
To me, Reo. Right here.
Not happening, Nagi.
He's not passing?
Huh? A shot?
Just like you're changing at Blue Lock,
I'll change into whatever color I want!
He messed up! It's a miskick!
That trajectory...
It's the same as before?
For real? Did he just copy Yukimiya's shot?
This is my new play style: the Chameleon.
Wow.
Reo's goal just now used his copying ability,
taking full advantage of his deftness.
That's the answer Mikage Reo
has found to survive in Blue Lock.
Wow. Copying plays? Bro's invincible now.
Nah, it's still a copy.
No matter how well he copies a move,
the reproduction's 99% at best.
So against a formidable 100%-or-higher
original move, it ain't winnin' out so easily.
That's true. Even if he can copy a move,
it'll always be inferior to the original.
Plus, things like speed and height are
physical attributes that can't be copied.
I can't see how he'd deal with that.
Which means Reo's new copying
ability is still under development.
I'm still not good enough
to beat the Top 6.
But I now know the path to take to evolve.
We lost, Reo.
But that was a nice goal.
I like your choice of copying the weapons
of other strong players. It's very you.
But...
It's still not enough.
It's not the soccer you want to play.
Right.
Then, leave me alone.
Look down on me and wait.
I'll become someone
you can't help but chase after.
Got it.
Tryouts
2nd Match
I'll get what I want at all costs.
Tryouts
2nd Match
Oh, if it isn't Itoshi Sae-kun.
Thank you for coming to this meeting.
Nice to meet you, Mr. Genius.
Hey, Sae-chan, don't just walk in.
Itoshi Rin's Agent
Who's the beer belly and
the incompetent-looking loser?
What? That's the chairman and the manager.
In that case, that makes this easy.
I watched the video of the
U-20s or whatever that was,
and in a word, they're shit.
Especially the forwards.
They're bunglers stewed up into vomit.
BUNGLERS
VOMIT
I accepted your offer because
it meant playing the guys in Blue Lock,
but if my team's no better than
a school team, that's it. I'm out.
Wait, can you stew bunglers up into vomit?
Is he insulting my team?
Come now. You need to be
the adult in the room, Hoicchan.
I-Itoshi Sae-kun.
You don't like the forwards, huh?
Then, we can get someone else, no problem.
An overage player. Or even a legend.
Can I have anyone I want?
Yes, sure. As long as they're Japanese.
It can be Ramos. Or Kazu.
In that case...
There's an idiot in Blue Lock
I want to team up with.
A
Blue Lock Additional Time.
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
Nagi
Seishiro
Yukimiya
Kenyu
You Remind Me of...
You know, you kind of remind me
of a sloth, Nagi-kun.
Huh?
You think? I don't see it.
Yeah, just like that.
On the other hand, Yukki reminds me of...
a psychopath tarsier.
Uh, because I wear glasses? Really?
Some other guys here wear glasses,
like Zantetsu, your former teammate.
Tarsiers look like
they're wearing
glasses, therefore
they must be
smart monkeys
Nah, Zantetsu doesn't
remind me of a tarsier.
It's not the glasses. That's too simplistic.
Then, what is this comparison based on?
I-I see.
Then, how about Reo-kun?
Hm, Reo's a chameleon, I guess.
Oh, I can totally see it.
Copy, copy.
And Aryu-kun's like a stick insect, yeah?
Glam!
Or a stick glam-sect.
As for Isagi...
He's a rhinoceros beetle.
You donkey.
Because of his hairstyle.
Barou's a boss gorilla, I think.
Donkey, ook.
That's pretty much just his face.
Oh, yeah. Tokimitsu's a female gorilla.
Ook-a!
He and Barou-kun are a couple.
Ook.
Itoshi
Rin
Then, what about Rin-kun?
Huh? He's a...
Hm...
A sludge monster?
Half-baked. Half-baked.
Oh, like the sad result
of a failed experiment?
Yeah. If you touch it, you get poisoned.
Half-baked. Half-baked.
Who's "sludge," hm?
Ah.
Crap.
And Isagi isn't a rhinoceros beetle.
That antenna sprout makes him
a larva that gets eaten by a bird.
I'm getting to a good part, genius!
Oh, that's true.
That's why you're No. 1.
Let's stop this game.
No one gains from this.